Update groups-filter-sort.rst (#6223)
mattermost/docs: source/boards/groups-filter-sort.rst

Your board can be grouped, filtered, and sorted into different views using a range of properties. This gives you a powerful way to track work from various perspectives. When used in conjunction with `saved views </boards/work-with-views.html#work-with-saved-views>`_, you can create multiple views with different groupings and filters for quick access without having to reapply the groupings and filters every time.

> Easily find tasks assigned to you or a team member. You can now filter by the person and multi-person properties! Need to find tasks due soon or within a certain date period? No problem. You can also filter by date properties! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, easily find tasks assigned to you or a team member using the person or multi-person filters, and keep track of upcoming tasks with date filters.
```

- Email
- Phone
- URL
- Date
- Person

> - Multi-person

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multi-person
- Created time
- Created by
- Last updated time
- Last updated by
```
